Q:- What is a variable?
A:- A variable is a storage area name, Which we give the specific name and assign the value.

Q:- What "var" in JavaScript?
A:- A var is a keyword, That is used to define the variable.

Q:- Why do we need variables in every programming language?
A:- In a programming language, we print any value many times in the code, but in the future, we need to change that value, so then we have to change that value everywhere.
But we assign that value to some variable. So we just have to change the value of the variable. And the value will change automatically everywhere.


Q:- Types of varible ?
A:- 
    1:-Local variable
    2:-Global variable
    Local variable:- A variable that is declared inside the function or block is called a local variable. We can use it in block code. It is also called the local scope of the variable. 
    Global variable:- A variable that is declared outside the function or block is called a global variable. We can use it anywhere in the code. It is also called the global scope of the variable. 

Q:- Can we redeclare the variable ? if yes so explain it, if no so explain it .
A:- Yes we can redeclare the variable if the variable are define with the var keyword.

Q:- Can we reassign the new value to the variable ? if yes so explain it, if no so explain it.
A:- Yes we can reassign the new value to the variable if the variable are define with the var keyword.

Q:- Can we use the number or special character at the beginning of the variable name?
A:- No, We use the number or special character at the beginning of the variable name, but we can use the underscore or dollar sign at the beginning of the variable name.

Q:- Can we use the number or special character at the between of variable names?
A:- No, We can use the special character at the between of variable name but we can use the underscore, number, or dollar sign at the beginning of the variable name.


Q:- Can we use the number or special character at the end of variable names?
A:- No, We can use the special character at the end of the variable name but we can use the underscore, number or dollar sign at the end of the variable name.

Q:- Can we use the space in the variable name between two or more words ?
A:- No, we can use space in the variable name between two or more words .

CaseStudy
 


Q:- Assume we have two variables, one of which has a string data type or the other variable has an integer data type, are subtracted, what answer do we get?
If the data type is a string of both variables, we add the variable values using the "+" operator, so values will be concat.
If we have two variables and the datatype of the first variable is a string and the datatype of the second variable is a number., we add the variable values using the "+" operator, and the values will be concat.


If the data type is a string of both variables, we subtract the variable values using the "-" operator, so values will be concat.
If we have two variables and the datatype of the first variable is a string and the datatype of the second variable is a number., we subtract the variable values using the "-" operator, and the values will be concat.